Update redirected URLs (part 44) (#15973)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/guide/ajax/community/index.md

- [telerik.com](https://www.telerik.com/forums/aspnet-ajax): An active community forum for Ajax
- [community.tableau.com](https://community.tableau.com/search.jspa?q=ajax): Community support forum and courses available for Ajax
- [codementor.io](https://www.codementor.io/community/search?q=ajax): Social platform with Ajax forums and tutorials

> - [lynda.com](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/search?trk=lynda_redirect_learning): Tutorials available for learning the fundamentals of Ajax

Author: ```suggestion
- [LinkedIn Learning](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/search?keywords=ajax): Tutorials available for learning the fundamentals of Ajax
```
